Updating documentation for ignore_unavailable search request parameter (#6987)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/search.md

explain | Boolean | Whether to return details about how OpenSearch computed the document's score. Default is false.
from | Integer | The starting index to search from. Default is 0.
ignore_throttled | Boolean | Whether to ignore concrete, expanded, or indexes with aliases if indexes are frozen. Default is true.

> ignore_unavailable | Boolean | Specifies whether to include missing or closed indexes in the response and ignore unavailable shards during search execution. Default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ignore_unavailable | Boolean | Specifies whether to include missing or closed indexes in the response and ignores unavailable shards during the search request. Default is `false`.
```
